All right!
Inojin? Do you have a minute?
What's up?
The Academy has an event coming
up where I
Huh? What are you doing? Making
drawings?
Oh, all of this? It's so tedious
having to draw every time we get
into a battle so...
I decided I'd make copies in
advance.
It's much more efficient than
starting from scratch.
Now how's that for a great idea?
But that's...I mean...
(INOJIN) I've been thinking
about it for a while now.
Drawing pictures each and every
time is boring...
So I thought there had to be a
better way to get it done.
Doesn't that make
perfect sense, Dad?
No, well actually...
(INO) Inojin!... Honey!...Time
for dinner!
Coming!
We're starting practical skill
sessions to prepare for
graduation exams.
I'm gonna use these during
Ino‐Shika‐Cho training tomorrow.
Well, traditionally...
Just wait until I try it.
There's more than one way of
doing things.
C'mon, we'd better get
downstairs. Or we'll both hear
it from Mom.
(Sigh)
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
If that's really all you got,
you'll never beat me.
Gotcha now!
Hmmm
(struggling)
(gasp)
And away
ya go!
Whaaaat?
Huh?
(moaning)
Hmm... Your fighting strategies
are becoming much too
predictable.
And you're not even
infusing your chakra.
It's not fair when we're up
against your brute strength.
Hey! I've got something really
good up my sleeve!
(Cho‐Cho) Well, show us, Inojin!
Just watch this!
Super Beast Scroll!
Very interesting.
Huh?
(Cho‐Cho) That's it? úThat was
your great move?!
Well that was weird. Why
wouldn't a copy of the drawing
work?
(CHOJI) Pay attention!
huh?
(Panicked Yelps)
I get that it's a drag, but
can't you get your act
together?
Yeah...But drawing is a drag.
Super Beast Scroll!
What? My Super Beast Scroll
doesn't work anymore?
Why couldn't I get the Super
Beast Scroll to work?
Wasn't this drawing good enough?
No.
That isn't the reason I wasn't
able to do the jutsu. And I know
I infused enough chakra...
And if the problem really is
with the copy,
then it's weird that it won't
work when I draw it from
scratch.
(SAI) Well, that's probably the
reason.
What?
What are you saying?
(SAI) Why don't you enter this
competition?
(INOJIN) Why would I want to
enter an art contest for little
kids?
It's pointless. I don't want to
do something like that at my
age.
But forget about that ‐ just
tell me why can't I do my
Super Beast Scroll anymore.
You must know a bunch of ways to
fix it, right?
Nothing I say is going to help.
Advice alone won't solve this
problem.
You must find the answer,
Inojin, and you must find it for
yourself.
(confused)
I wish Dad could just give me a
straight answer.
Why can't he just tell me what
I'm doing wrong already?
Fine. I'll just have to win this
thing then, right?
Not that I know why that would
make a difference.
Beating little kids at an art
contest will hardly be a
challenge.
Wha ‐!!!
(INOJIN) Himawari Uzumaki?!
(INOJIN) Okay what Is going on
here?!
My drawing is obviously much
better than hers...
(SAI) But Himawari's drawing is
really quite good.
No, her drawing is really quite
awful.
And yet Himawari has just won
the contest.
Oh, that's it‐I get it now. This
is all about having the right
connections.
Sure, she's the Hokage's
daughter.
I hope he doesn't get this
carried away every time he
wants to show her off. Damn!
(disappointed)
So... Did that have some kinda
hidden meaning?
No. ú I guess it didn't have any
meaning.
Huh?
At this rate... you might find
you'll never be able to use the
Super Beast Scroll again.
Huh?!
However, if you still want the
ability to perform the Super
Beast Scroll...
Think about Himawari's drawing.
Then think about your own. And
consider how they are different.
(confused)
(INOJIN) I just don't get it.
What does he mean by
"different"?
They're different because one's
really good and one's really
bad.
(Knock at the door)
Yeah?
(INOJIN) What's up?
I know the timing may seem bad
and I apologize in advance...
(SHINO) Starting today, Sai will
be coming in as a guest
lecturer.
Hello, class.
Why does Dad have to do this?
When you are on tracking
missions,
there will be times when you
will need to draw maps or even
people.
If the drawings aren't
reasonably good, they'll be
useless.
I draw quite often, so I will
evaluate your completed work ú
at the end of every lesson.
Today you will be drawing a
fellow classmate's portrait.
Ahhh.
All right then! I'm going to ask
the pretty girl in the back to
be our model.
Pretty? I'm pretty?!
Umm... He just called Cho‐Cho
"pretty." Your dad's super
weird.
You don't even know.
Okay, everyone! I give you
permission to draw my gorgeous
body to your heart's content.
Here...you...go!
Dad. What's all this about?
I'm really sorry. This is just a
coincidence. Shino invited me
many months ago.
Yeah, whatever.
To be honest, I think this might
actually be a good opportunity
for you.
Hmm?
I'm done!
Yeah! It turned out just the way
I wanted it to.
Let's see it then...
I gotta say that is genuinely
interesting.
You mean genuinely awful. A
complete fail.
You've gotta be kidding! I think
it's pretty good. Look at it
from this angle.
Huh? Which angle? I could draw
upside down with my foot and it
would look better than this.
It's fun and interesting. I
rather like it.
(disbelief)
You see?
(pensive agreement)
Judging by this attempt, I think
you could possibly do the Super
Beast Scroll Boruto.
You think so?! Maybe I should
start practicing.
Do the Super Beast Scroll? With
a terrible drawing like that?
(sigh)
Super Beast Scroll!
Damn it! Why can't I do it
anymore?
Think about Himawari's drawing.
Then think about your own. And
consider how they are different.
So it doesn't really matter if a
drawing is good or bad?
Should I Just keep a stack of
Boruto's drawings ready to go?
No! That would be no different
than working with copies.
And I don't know why but they
don't work for the Super Beast
Scroll...
Aw man!
(CHO‐CHO) Hmm... This is an
unusual sight.
What's unusual?
Seeing you all worked up. You
generally keep your cool
especially out in public.
I can't hold back. If I can't
get a bag of my potato chips
right when I want them,
I start hating them, even though
I totally love them. So I
understand!
It kinda hurts your pride to
love something so much, right?
You're nuts! You couldn't be any
more wrong about me, chubs!
I'm not upset about this at all.
I don't care if I never do the
Super Beast Scroll again!
I may be chubby but I've still
got moves!
Hey, you're forgetting all of
your stuff!
I've realized drawing only makes
me feel irritated. I'm over it.
Super Beast Scroll isn't the
only jutsu around you know.
I'm just gonna start using my
mom's jutsu from now on. See ya
around, chubs!
(worried)
Uh, you are so obvious.
(SHINO) From this point on, you
will be fighting only in
three‐man teams.
Teams who perform poorly ú may
not qualify to take the
graduation exams.
(worried murmurings)
So try not to lose your focus.
(frustrated)
Okay, guys. Those three have
been rolling through everybody
lately
so they're gonna be trouble.
I hope you're up to this,
Inojin.
I'll be fine this time. I'm
ready for 'em.
All right. Start with your Super
Beast Scroll.
Just watch over my body, okay?
Huh? Wait! What do you mean by
that?
The team battle...
...begins!
Ninja Art!
Mind Transfer Jutsu!
(surprised)
(surprised gasp)
Uh? Hey?! Inojin?
(confused exhale) What was that
about?
You good, Iwabe?
Oh, yeah. I'm good alright. I'm
thinkin' we should've been using
this technique all along.
I... I think Iwabe's smiling
too much...
Okay. What shall I do for my
next move?
(pain grimace)
(quick or grimace)
(shocked) What is happening
now?!
Is he using Aunty Ino's jutsu?
(coming around)
You see the problem?
You haven't practiced that one
anywhere near enough to infuse
chakra properly.
(groan)
You've really done it this
time...
Now we will show them how it is
done!
Yeah. Let's go!
Right!
Watch out!
(METAL) Haa!
huh!
Damn it!
Humph! How's that?
They're trying to split the
three of us up. Ready, Inojin?
Hello?!
(CHO‐CHO) Inojin!
Huh?
Don't just sit there in a daze.
Draw! Do it now!
(stealing himself)
uhh...
You are open!
[panting]
Team Iwabe wins the match!
All right!
We were successful, Denki!
I never dreamed we would really
win!
I guess their team improved and
our team didn't. What a drag.
Just what has been going on
with you? You haven't been
yourself lately.
What's gonna happen if someone
who loves potato chips finds out
they can't have them anymore?
(INO) How did Inojin do in
class?
(SAI) He seemed bored.
He actually came to me this
morning and asked me to teach
him the Mind Transfer Jutsu.
I'm afraid he's going to
completely give up. Isn't there
any advice you could give him?
As he loses interest, his
results will just get worse,
right?
It's a conundrum. But he has to
discover the truth for himself,
otherwise he will never learn.
But what if...
ohh...
It will be fine.
Because he is our son.
W‐What are you doing? Just stop
it with all that stuff!
I connect with people through
my art.
That's why I love to draw.
You know maybe you should tell
Inojin that...
Tell him? I don't really need to
spell it out for him, do I?
(laughs)
You're as oblivious as ever.
Well! The sooner you tell him
the better!
Hmm?
(surprised murmurings)
What is going on?!
[happy short chuckle]
Why's Himawari in our class?
Her drawing won the art contest.
So I asked her to come and teach
here today.
Big Brother, I get to be your
instructor!
If Boruto's her big brother...
She's his little sister?!
She's just too cute!
I never expected him to bring
her here...
Your dad just keeps getting
weirder and weirder.
You entered your drawing in a
contest, so you must enjoy
creating art.
Yes! I love it!
And there's nothing more fun in
the world than making drawings
of my dad!
Humph...
Inojin, don't you have any
questions you want to ask
Himawari Sensei?
No, I'm good.
Himawari!
Inojin's drawings actually move!
Because his jutsu makes them
amazing!
They really move? How awesome!
Let her see how it works. Draw
something.
(curious murmurings)
(HIMAWARI) I wanna see! Show me!
(nervous)
(yawn)
I'm sorry. I'm not really
interested in drawing anymore.
Why not?
I just realized I never had any
talent for art in the first
place, not really.
What?!
Let him be, Himawari...
Inojin's going through a rough
patch.
Ohh...
I understand.
You're throwing them away? All
of them?
It's not like I need to hold on
to them anymore.
So... How did Himawari do today?
She kept asking me to draw. I
told her my drawings really
weren't that interesting.
You may think that way right now
but you're wrong.
They don't move and they don't
win any prizes...
It's a waste of time for me to
keep at it.
It was just something I was good
at, that's all. Ahhh...
Nah, I was pretty bad.
(INO)
(chuckle)
Well, you drew that when you
were little! Do you remember
that?
I couldn't believe how happy
your dad got when you showed him
that drawing.
This made him happy?
It brings back memories. And
it's drawn really well, you
know...
That move completely took me by
surprise! After that, Metal took
me aside and he said...
(INOJIN)
Boruto!
Hmm?
Do you have a minute?
He wants to become my pupil?
Uh...
He wants you to teach him what
you know about art.
I've got a lot of questions and
I really need answers! So I'm
serious... Please teach me!
Okay then...
What do I to do now?
Uhh...
Well, Hima...Why don't you tell
us what you think about when
you're working on your drawings?
I think about...
Daddy!
(BORUTO)
What?! You think about
Dad?!
Of course. When I put my entire
heart into my drawings Daddy
always thinks they're great!
Uhh...
The difference between our
drawings? Is this what Dad was
talking about?
C'mon! Let's draw something
together!
Uhh...
What's wrong? Don't you wanna
draw anymore?
Well I'm...
Hey, I believe Himawari
Sensei just asked you to draw!
I did! So you better start
drawing, Inojin!
(INOJIN)
O‐Okay...
(determined grunt)
(BORUTO)
Here you go!
Huh?
Sensei chose this to be your
reference today.
All right!
Ahh, very nice brushwork there!
(Grunt)
Super Beast Scroll!
Ahh!?!
Not good! At this rate...
Huh?!
My drawing of Daddy!
(Gasp)
(determined grunt)
Ahh!
Damn!
Come back!
(runnings)
(light panting as she runs)
(BORUTO)
Find it?
No luck!
(HIMAWARI)
Big Brother!
Huh?
(gasp)
It's gonna fall in!
(BORUTO)
Don't worry!
(INOJIN)
Is Himawari's drawing...
the same as the drawing
I made copies of?
(INOJIN)
Or is her drawing...
the same as the new
drawing I did for the contest?
(INOJIN)
No, hers is different!
Her drawing is full of
emotion!
(INOJIN)
I can't let it get lost!
No way!
It's okay! I'll get it right!
Ninja Art: Super Beast Scroll!
Ahh!
That's amazing!
His drawing is really moving!
(chuckle)
Here you go. Your drawing is
safe now!
(HIMAWARI)
Thank you!
No need. I'm the one who should
be thanking you!
Hey...Can you make my drawing
move?
Uh, well...I úI don't know...
Come on! Do it! Do it!
But... But I ...
(BORUTO)
Yea why not?
Uh...
(chuckle)
Okay now...
Super Beast Scroll!
(laughs)
Wow!
Now this is super awesome!
(happy laughter)
Amazing!
Man, it really is a fun, happy
drawing!
Huh? I didn't hear you! I want
you to make more drawings that
move!
(chuckle)
Whatever you want!
Thank you, Sensei! Thanks to
you, I finally remembered what's
important.
(surprised)
You've regained your ability?
I guess I'd just been thinking
about it all wrong.
Art is more than just the means
to do a jutsu.
You should only draw things that
mean something to you.
When I was desperately trying to
save Himawari's drawing...
I could feel chakra passing
right into mine.
Anyhow... I failed so many
times, I'm probably the last
person who should explain it.
Of all the drawings in the
world, this is my favorite.
I knew you'd be able to do it
again, because you drew this.
And I think you'll be fine, from
now on.
(surprised)
(Chuckle)
Huh?!
You mean the people in your
drawing disappeared and never
came back?
Uh‐huh!
This happened because I used the
Super Beast Scroll...
I'm so sorry!
No, it's okay!
Huh? Are you sure about that?
Of course it is 'cause I can
always make another drawing!
And Daddy will be even happier
with the next one!
You've still got a lot to teach
me, Sensei!
You think so? Then let's draw
some more! Something even more
fun this time!
All right then! Let's get
drawing!
(BORUTO) Man, I hate this kinda
stuff! Everyone's so serious
about training.
(BORUTO) No one wants to just
hang out anymore!
(BORUTO) I just don't get what
the big deal about graduation
is.
(SARADA) It must be nice, not
having to worry.
(SARADA) Everybody else has a
lot to deal with right now.
(SARADA) You probably shouldn't
bother them.
(BORUTO) But friendship is
supposed to be eternal, right?
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: The
Night of the Shooting Stars.
(SARADA) I think you might be
the only one who believes
that...